I've used the method in camera_connection to connect to the camera.
Then the ImageAPIforPi.py actually works well, the same as on the laptop.
Also added a venv. 
Not able to get livekit_test.py working. It doesnt crash or anything, it says like an introduction or something

I have an issue, I have a headless device. I want to connect to the headless device with bluetooth which prompts a page on the companion app which is a sign in. Once authorisation is given, the token is given to the device. The token will last 12 months. Then the device will connect to an endpoint on my backend, and using the jwt token get authorised, and will receive a token to connect to livekit. This livekit token only works if the device isnt flagged in the database as stolen, for security. It also only works if the user matches up with the device when it was registered, so that someone else cant use their device. The issue I am facing is that this system will be good at preventing the device from joining the livekit servers and accessing database information through the tool call in livekit, but then I realise if the device was stolen and flagged in the companion app by the user, it still wouldnt prevent the device from using that JWT to access the back end directly, since its the same JWT as the users admin dashboard and companion app. How o I fix this?

Then I realised how is this different from createing a whole new JWT? Oh wait I think I've done this wrong I should use the same JWT for all, except add the device in the pay load, then in all endpoints there should be the same verification system where if there is a deviceid, it runs it against the database to see if its been flagged for lost, and if it has then raise an error and dont continue. But now I realise that this heavily depends on the person flagging it straight away, but then again they may aswell change their password. Then the other option is to do what I accidentally did in the code above and create 2 JWT tokens which the device one would only let themaccess the livekit room creation and token retreival end point, makeing the rest of the end points inaccessible, but then once they have the livekit token they can connect and use the agent tools to access personal information. However the information that they can access would be limted as I will give the agent limited access, like its not going to be able to make payments or anything. So I think that it would be the best strategy to continue what I was doing an make 2 JWTs. Does this work for you?